how I fell in love with design?

I'm graphic designer from last 3+ years. but this is not what I meant to be...

Back in 2019 I started editing & posting cringy music lyrical videos on Instagram from an ₹8k mobile, it was just a trend, gracefully I realised that I can do much better in this, and then I started posting tutorial videos on YouTube in 2020. eventually getting inspired by other creators doing same and collaborating with brands, earning money, seeing that I started getting rush in my mind, broo, I can do this too. BTW that YouTube channel is dead now with old 2018 editing style tutorial videos, my flex? I gained 1.5k subscribers within 1 year and was just 3hrs watch time away from getting monetisation and surprisingly I left that too... happy for taking that decision tho.

I remember when I started, I sucked at animating text, images & even basic keyframes. I started watching tutorials on YouTube, polished my hands on timelines, cuts, music, sound effects. then went into playing games in lockdown, fell in love with PUBG, watched gameplays and live stream of many gamers, back then PUBG Montages were crazy, gave me adrenaline rush. that kind of editing used to be done in heavy PC software like After Effects, Premiere Pro. I tried making same in mobile and posted it's tutorial on my channel.

Doing this all I found my self enjoying design more than editing videos. Then the phase of "Ghar bethe paise kese kamaye?" came, watched 100s of videos, where I found that there is a website called fiverr, best for freelance work, you start selling your services from just $5, looked easy, but it was not!, and that from mobile!!! not that easy bro., Still I anyhow managed and published my first gig or say listed design service, got 0 orders, as expected. Behind the scene I kept uploading videos on YouTube. 

And then one of the best time ever came, day 26th, month February, year 2022. My father bought me a laptop, yes a LAPPTOPP. My Childhood Dream of owning a PC finally came true. But this time my priority was not to play games, but to learn those beast Adobe Software's and make cool artworks and videos, and level up my content.

Yesss, sadly but then I stopped making videos! will have another post for it!

Thanks for reading till here. 
& Congrats you have good attention time span.
Please send me a message if you loved what I just told, I don't care who you are, would love to talk with you!.
Hit me DM with anything you have to say. 